September 16, 2026 UPDATE: Hackathon submission requirements: Code repository.
Build, Ship, Shape: Amazon Developer Hackathon (the “Hackathon”) Official Rules
NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE OR PAYMENT WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. 

SUBMISSION OF ANY ENTRY CONSTITUTES AGREEMENT TO THESE OFFICIAL RULES AS A CONTRACT BETWEEN ENTRANT (AND EACH INDIVIDUAL MEMBER OF ENTRANT), THE HACKATHON SPONSOR, AND DEVPOST.

1. Dates and Timing
Submission Period: Monday, August 31, 2026 (10:15 am Pacific Time) – Friday, October 23, 2026 (12:00 pm Pacific Time) (“Submission Period”).

Judging Period: Monday, November 9, 2026 (12:00 pm Pacific Time) – Friday, November 20, 2026 (12:00 pm Pacific Time) (“Judging Period”).

Winners Announced: On or around Thursday, December 3, 2026 (12:00 pm Pacific Time).

2. Sponsor and Administrator
Sponsor: Amazon Developer, 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, Washington 98109

Administrator: Devpost, Inc. (“Devpost”), 250 Broadway, Floor 24, New York, NY 10007

3. Eligibility
The Hackathon IS open to: 

Individuals who are at least the age of majority where they reside as of the time of entry (“Eligible Individuals”);

Teams of Eligible Individuals (“Teams”); and

Organizations (including corporations, not-for-profit corporations and other nonprofit organizations, limited liability companies, partnerships, and other legal entities) that exist and have been organized or incorporated at the time of entry.

(the above are collectively, “Entrants”)

An Eligible Individual may join more than one Team or Organization and an Eligible Individual who is part of a Team or Organization may also enter the Hackathon on an individual basis. If a Team or Organization is entering the Hackathon, they must appoint and authorize one individual (the “Representative”) to represent, act, and enter a Submission, on their behalf. By entering a Submission on behalf of a Team or Organization you represent and warrant that you are the Representative authorized to act on behalf of your Team or Organization.

The Hackathon IS NOT open to: 

Individuals who are residents of, or Organizations domiciled in, a country, state, province or territory where the laws of the United States or local law prohibits participating or receiving a prize in the Hackathon (including, but not limited to, Brazil, Quebec, Russia, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, and North Korea and any other country which is comprehensively sanctioned by the U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control) 

Organizations involved with the design, production, paid promotion, execution, or distribution of the Hackathon, including the Sponsor and Administrator (“Promotion Entities”).

Employees, representatives and agents** of such Promotion Entities, and all members of their immediate family or household*

Any other individual involved with the design, production, promotion, execution, or distribution of the Hackathon, and each member of their immediate family or household*

Any Judge (defined below), or company or individual that employs a Judge

Any parent company, subsidiary, or other affiliate*** of any organization described above

Any other individual or organization whose participation in the Hackathon would create, in the sole discretion of the Sponsor and/or Administrator, a real or apparent conflict of interest 

*The members of an individual’s immediate family include the individual’s spouse, children and stepchildren, parents and stepparents, and siblings and stepsiblings. The members of an individual’s household include any other person that shares the same residence as the individual for at least three (3) months out of the year. 

**Agents include individuals or organizations that in creating a Submission to the Hackathon, are acting on behalf of, and at the direction of, a Promotion Entity through a contractual or similar relationship.

***An affiliate is: (a) an organization that is under common control, sharing a common majority or controlling owner, or common management; or (b) an organization that has a substantial ownership in, or is substantially owned by the other organization.

 
4. How To Enter
Entrants may enter by visiting amazonappdev2026.devpost.com (“Hackathon Website”) and following the below steps:

Register for the Hackathon on the Hackathon Website by clicking the “Join Hackathon” button. To complete registration, sign up to create a free Devpost account, or log in with an existing Devpost account. This will enable you to receive important updates and to create your Submission.

Entrants will obtain access to the required developer tools/platform and complete a Project described below in Project Requirements. Use of the developer tools will be subject to the license agreement related thereto. Entry in the Hackathon constitutes consent for the Sponsor and Devpost to collect and maintain an entrant’s personal information for the purpose of operating and publicizing the Hackathon.

Fire TV: Create a developer account and read the docs at developer.amazon.com/apps-and-games/

Alexa+: Develop an MCP following the open-source docs: modelcontextprotocol.io/docs/latest/getting-started/intro

Bee (Wearable AI): Get started at docs.bee.computer

Ring: Get started at developer.ring.com

AWS: Get started at builder.aws.com

Entrants may request $150 in AWS Promotional Credits for the purpose of completing your Project for the hackathon while supplies last. AWS Promotional Credits can only be requested by individuals registered for the Hackathon. In order to request AWS Promotional Credits, you must complete the form at: https://forms.gle/5hyhr1u6x3fuV2aW7 by October 21st at 12pm PT. AWS Promotional Credits are subject to the AWS Promotional Credits terms and conditions found at: https://aws.amazon.com/awscredits/. AWS Promotional Credits are not redeemable for cash. AWS Credits can be used for most AWS services required for this hackathon.

NOTE: Additional charges incurred by the Entrant for the use of AWS products are the responsibility of the Entrant. Entrants are encouraged to monitor their usage of services so as to not incur additional charges.

Complete and enter all of the required fields on the “Enter a Submission” page of the Hackathon Website (each a “Submission”) during the Submission Period and follow the requirements below.

Project Requirements

What to Create: Entrants must build or significantly update working applications using Amazon developer tools into the following primary tracks (each a “Project”).

Primary Tracks:


Fire TV: Eligible projects for this category have to launch a demo-ready app that works on Fire OS or Vega OS. Priority categories: AI-enhanced viewing, sports, fitness, family entertainment, multi-modal UX, and computer vision.


Alexa+: Build a working Agent Skill or a self-hosted MCP server, implementing MCP spec version (minimum acceptable version is 2025-11-25). Optionally, developers can simulate the Alexa+ experience in a web app using their own agentic tools.


Bee (Wearable AI): Build a project that connects to data recorded and processed through a Bee device or Apple Watch running Bee software, using Bee's CLI, MCP, or Agent Skills. The demo must show the project using that data to deliver value to a user. Priority use cases: education, developer experience, and personal productivity.


Ring: A working app or new feature that utilizes Ring APIs, SDKs, simulators, or devices, demonstrated through a simulator or an actual device. Priority categories: access control, business systems, IoT home automation, accessibility, and caretaking.


Mini Challenges

AWS Builder (Mini Challenge): Any primary track project that incorporates AWS services (i.e. Amazon Bedrock, AgentCore, Strands SDK, Kiro Crew, SageMaker, etc.) with documented integrations.

Kiro Crew qualifies on its own as a development tool used during the hackathon — a submission does not need to also call a runtime AWS service (Bedrock, AgentCore, SageMaker, Strands SDK) to count for this mini-challenge.


Open Source (Mini Challenge): Create a new, additional open-source project or contribute to an existing public repository during the hackathon window, alongside a primary track submission. Contributions can be a new repo (with open-source license), a branch, a fork, or a pull request. PRs do not need to be merged; share your forked version if unmerged. Required: contribution URL, project repository URL, GitHub username, and a description of what you did, how it works, and why it matters.


The Sponsor and Administrator reserve the right to reassign an Project from one Category or Mini Challenge Prize to another if applicable.
Functionality: The Project's code repository must include clear setup and run instructions, and the Project must be shown functioning in the demonstration video, as depicted in the video, URL and/or expressed in the text description.

Platforms: The demonstration video must show the Project functioning on the platform for which it is intended and which is specified in the Submission Requirements.

New & Existing: Projects must be either newly created by the Entrant or, if the Entrant’s Project existed prior to the Hackathon Submission Period, must have been significantly updated after the start of the Hackathon Submission Period. Entrants must explain how their Project was significantly updated – clearly describe and demo the feature updates during the Submission Period.

Third Party Integrations: If a Project integrates any third-party SDK, APIs and/or data, Entrant must be authorized to use them in accordance with any terms and conditions or licensing requirements of the tool.

 
Submission Requirements 

Submissions to the Hackathon must meet the following requirements:

Include a Project built with the required developer tools and meets the above Project Requirements.

Include a text description that should explain the features and functionality of your Project.

Provide a URL to your code repository for judging and testing on GitHub. The repository must contain all necessary source code, assets, and instructions required for the project to be functional.

The repository must be either public and open source by including an open source license file OR private and shared with testing@devpost.com and the Amazon team (info below).

To share your project with the Amazon team, open your repo’s Settings > Collaborators > Add people and add the usernames below. GitHub walk through here.
Amazon Developer Relations GitHub profiles: Chris Traganos: https://github.com/chris-trag Kourtney Meiss: https://github.com/knmeiss Giovanni Laquidara: https://github.com/giolaq Anisha Malde: https://github.com/anishamalde Moses Roth: https://github.com/mosesroth Emerson Sklar: https://github.com/emersonsklar
Make sure this repo is private, then add these GitHub users as collaborators so they can review my submission: chris-trag, knmeiss, giolaq, anishamalde, mosesroth, emersonsklar.
For public repositories: this license should be detectable and visible at the top of the repository page (in the About section). 

For Alexa+, Bee, and Ring: The repository must demonstrate use of your track's required technology at runtime in your code — imported and actually called (a library import, an app/backend entry point, or a loaded agent/flow/MCP config), not just named in the README. Fire TV is the exception — see below.


Fire TV: Any framework or language is acceptable (React Native, Android/Kotlin/Java, web technologies, etc.). The requirement is that the project runs on Fire OS or Vega OS. The demo video must show the project running on an actual Fire TV device or the Fire TV/Vega simulator.


Alexa+: A working Agent Skill or a self-hosted MCP server, implementing MCP spec version 2025-11-25 (or a later version, once confirmed) over Streamable HTTP. Alternatively, entrants may submit a simulated Alexa+ experience instead — built using any AI or agentic tool of their choice, no specific framework, SDK, or MCP-shaped surface required. This alternate path is exempt from the runtime-technology-hook requirement above; the code repository must still include the simulation's source code, and the demo video must clearly show the simulated experience.


Bee (Wearable AI): The project must be connected to data recorded and processed through an actual Bee device or an Apple Watch running the Bee software. The demo video and code must show the project actually using that Bee data to do something for a customer, mentioning Bee without demonstrating a live data interaction does not count. No public-facing integration (i.e., letting other users connect to Bee through the project) is required.


Ring: Any Ring API, SDK, simulator, or device listed in Ring's developer documentation is acceptable. The demo video must show the project working through a simulator or an actual Ring device you have for testing.

Include a demonstration video of your Project. The video portion of the Submission:

should be less than three (3) minutes. Judges are not required to watch beyond three minutes 

should include footage that shows the Project functioning on the device for which it was built

must be uploaded to and made publicly visible on YouTube or Vimeo and a link to the video must be provided on the submission form on the Hackathon Website; and

must not include third party trademarks, or copyrighted music or other material unless the Entrant has permission to use such material.

Include Product Feedback for each tool, API, or SDK used in your project, tell us:

Which developer tools, apis and SDKs did you use and for what? 

What worked well? (i.e. setup, documentation, docs, testing, performance, reliability)

What needs work? (i.e. system errors, docs sections, missing features, compatibility issues, tool limitations, required workarounds)

How was your onboarding experience (getting from zero to hello world)

Would you build with these devices and services again? Yes/No and please tell us why

Identify which Primary Track(s) you are submitting your Project into.

Identify which Mini Challenge(s) you are participating in.

For AWS Builder (Mini Challenge): 

Describe which AWS service(s) you used and how, in your Product Feedback answer.

For Open Source (Mini Challenge): 

Provide contribution URL, project repository URL, GitHub username, and a description of what you did, how it works, and why it matters. 

Optional – Feature Requests: description, why it matters to their project, and priority rating (Critical / Important / Nice-to-have)

Optional – Friction Log Entries: specific task attempted, steps taken, expected vs. actual result, severity rating, workaround used, and actionable suggestion. Participants who submit friction logs score higher in judging (up to 10% bonus).

Multiple Submissions 

An Entrant may submit more than one Submission, however, each Submission must be unique and substantially different from each of the Entrant’s other Submissions, as determined by the Sponsor and Devpost in their sole discretion. 

Submission ownership

Be the original work of the Entrant, be solely owned by the Entrant, and not violate the IP rights of any other person or entity.

Testing 

The project must be accessible to judges for evaluation (via code repository and demo video). Projects do not need to be publicly available to all hackathon participants or viewers. If Entrant’s website is private, Entrant must include login credentials in its testing instructions. The Entrant must make the Project available free of charge and without any restriction, for testing, evaluation and use by the Sponsor, Administrator and Judges until the Judging Period ends. Judges are not required to test the Project and may choose to judge based solely on the text description, images, and video provided in the Submission.

If the Project includes software that runs on proprietary or third party hardware that is not widely available to the public, including software running on devices or wearable technology other than smartphones, tablets, or desktop computers, the Sponsor and/or Administrator reserve the right, at their sole discretion, to require the Entrant to provide physical access to the Project hardware upon request.  

Language Requirements

All Submission materials (demo video, written description, and code documentation) must be in English or, if not in English, the Entrant must provide an English translation of the demonstration video, text description, and testing instructions as well as all other materials submitted. 

Team Representation

If a team or organization is entering the Hackathon, they must appoint and authorize one individual (the “Representative”) to represent, act, and enter a Submission, on their behalf. The Representative must meet the eligibility requirements above. By entering a Submission on the Hackathon Website on behalf of a team or organization you represent and warrant that you are the Representative authorized to act on behalf of your team or organization.

Intellectual Property 

Your Submission must: (a) be your (or your Team, or Organization’s) original work product; (b) be solely owned by you, your Team, your Organization with no other person or entity having any right or interest in it; and (c) not violate the intellectual property rights or other rights including but not limited to copyright, trademark, patent, contract, and/or privacy rights, of any other person or entity. An Entrant may contract with a third party for technical assistance to create the Submission provided the Submission components are solely the Entrant’s work product and the result of the Entrant’s ideas and creativity, and the Entrant owns all rights to them. An Entrant may submit a Submission that includes the use of open source software or hardware, provided the Entrant complies with applicable open source licenses and, as part of the Submission, creates software that enhances and builds upon the features and functionality included in the underlying open source product. By entering the Hackathon, you represent, warrant, and agree that your Submission meets these requirements.

Financial or Preferential Support 

A Project must not have been developed, or derived from a Project developed, with financial or preferential support from the Sponsor or Administrator. Such Projects include, but are not limited to, those that received funding or investment for their development, were developed under contract, or received a commercial license, from the Sponsor or Administrator any time prior to the end of Hackathon Submission Period. The Sponsor, at their sole discretion, may disqualify a Project, if awarding a prize to the Project would create a real or apparent conflict of interest.

 
5. Submission Modifications
Draft Submissions 

Prior to the end of the Submission Period, you may save draft versions of your submission on Devpost to your portfolio before submitting the Submission materials to the Hackathon for evaluation. Once the Submission Period has ended, you may not make any changes or alterations to your Submission, but you may continue to update the Project in your Devpost portfolio.

Modifications After the Submission Period

The Sponsor and Devpost may permit you to modify part of your Submission after the Submission Period for the purpose of adding, removing or replacing material that potentially infringes a third party mark or right, discloses personally identifiable information, or is otherwise inappropriate. The modified Submission must remain substantively the same as the original Submission with the only modification being what the Sponsor and Devpost permits. 

 
6. Judges & Criteria
Sponsor and Administrator reserve the sole right to determine the eligibility and judging methodologies for all submissions. This process may utilize expert panels, peer review, automated AI-driven analysis, or any combination thereof to ensure efficient, fair, and objective evaluation. Eligible submissions will be evaluated by a panel of judges selected by the Sponsor (the “Judges”). Judges may be employees of the sponsor or third parties, may or may not be listed individually on the Hackathon Website, and may change before or during the Judging Period. Judging may take place in one or more rounds with one or more panels of Judges, at the discretion of the sponsor. 

 
Stage One) The first stage will determine via pass/fail whether the ideas meet a baseline level of viability, in that the Project reasonably fits the theme and reasonably applies the required APIs/SDKs featured in the Hackathon.

Stage Two) All Submissions that pass Stage One will be evaluated in Stage Two based on the following equally weighted criteria (the “Judging Criteria”):

Entries will be judged on the following equally weighted criteria, and according to the sole and absolute discretion of the judges:

JUDING CRITERIA

 
Tech Implementation: How well is the project built, and how effectively does it use the required tech? Does it effectively leverage the required APIs, SDKs, or device capabilities for the specified track (Fire TV, Alexa+, Bee, or Ring) or mini-challenge (AWS Builder, Open Source)?


Design: Does the project deliver a complete, coherent product experience? Is the interaction model intuitive and well-considered for the target device or platform?


Potential Impact: Does the project make a credible, specific case for solving customer needs? Could it realistically serve an audience beyond the hackathon?
(Examples: Fire TV Appstore, Ring Appstore)


Quality of the Idea: Is this a creative, imaginative use of the required tools? Does the team demonstrate a genuine understanding of the developer ecosystem and the end-user needs within their chosen track? Judges should distinguish creative ideas from obvious ones: 

Fire TV: Obvious: basic streaming UI, simple video player, remote-controlled game. Creative: AI-enhanced viewing that adapts to household patterns, computer vision fitness app using the TV camera, multi-modal UX combining voice + D-pad + visual in a single flow. 

Alexa+: Obvious: single-turn Q&A bot, basic MCP wrapper around an existing API. Creative: agentic workflow that orchestrates across services autonomously, context-aware add-on that maintains state across sessions, purchasing capabilities, media support (cards, carousels, etc), MCP Apps, Agent Skills.

Bee: Obvious: simple notification relay, basic data logging from wearable to phone. Creative: cross-device orchestration (Bee + Echo + Fire TV working together), ambient context capture that informs a productivity workflow, novel education use case leveraging Agent Skills for on-wrist coaching, advance use of the facts and insights capabilities of the product and developer tools, real time functionality, self improvement workflows, synced insights for meetings across teams.

Ring: Obvious: motion detection alert, basic doorbell live view. Creative: non-security use case (accessibility aid, care-taking monitoring, package/delivery management), business system integration (access control for commercial spaces), multi-camera pipeline, event-based triggers for app functionality).

AWS Builder: Obvious: single Bedrock call for text generation, S3 for storage. Creative: multi-service pipeline (Bedrock + AgentCore + Strands), agentic architecture with Claude/Kiro for development workflow, agent orchestration patterns.

Open Source: Obvious: README update, typo fix, minor formatting. Creative: meaningful feature addition with tests, bug fix that unblocks other developers, new integration pattern (e.g., adding Vega support to a popular React Native library).

Bonus Points: During Stage 1 downselection, Amazon's internal review team assesses each submission's friction log entries (if provided) and passes a recommended bonus — up to 10% — to the Stage 2 judging panel along with the shortlisted projects. The Stage 2 panel applies this bonus to the submission's final spreadsheet score.

 
The scores from the Judges will determine the potential winners of the applicable prizes. The Entrant(s) that are eligible for a Prize, and whose Submissions earn the highest overall scores based on the applicable Judging Criteria, will become potential winners of that Prize.

Tie Breaking 

For each Prize listed below, if two or more Submissions are tied, the tied Submission with the highest score in the first applicable criterion listed above will be considered the higher scoring Submission. In the event any ties remain, this process will be repeated, as needed, by comparing the tied Submissions’ scores on the next applicable criterion. If two or more Submissions are tied on all applicable criteria, the panel of Judges will vote on the tied Submissions.

 
7. Intellectual Property Rights
All Submissions remain the intellectual property of the individuals or organizations that developed them. By submitting an entry, entrants agree that the Sponsor will have a non-exclusive license to use such entry for judging the entry. Entrants agree that the sponsor and Devpost shall have the right to promote the Submission and use the name, likeness, voice and image of all individuals contributing to a Submission, in any materials promoting or publicizing the Hackathon and its results, during the Hackathon Period and for three years thereafter.  Some Submission components may be displayed to the public. Other Submission materials may be viewed by the sponsor, Devpost, and judges for screening and evaluation. By submitting an entry or accepting any prize, entrants represent and warrant that (a) submitted content is not copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless entrant is the owner of such rights or has permission from their rightful owner to post the content; and (b) the content submitted does not contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, spyware or other disabling devices or harmful or malicious code.

 
8. Prizes
 
Prize Name

Prize Items

Qty

Eligible Submissions

Track Prizes 

Fire TV Track - 1st Place

$25,000 cash

$15,000 AWS Credits

Meeting with Amazon Developer team

Project featured on Amazon Developer channels

1

All Eligible Submissions submitted into the FireTV Track

Fire TV Track - 2nd Place

$15,000 cash

$5,000 AWS Credits

Project featured on Amazon Developer channels

1

All Eligible Submissions submitted into the FireTV Track

Fire TV Track - 3rd Place 

$4,000 cash

$1,000 AWS Credits

Project featured on Amazon Developer channels

1

All Eligible Submissions submitted into the FireTV Track

Alexa+ Track - 1st Place

$25,000 cash

$15,000 AWS Credits

Meeting with Amazon Developer team

Project featured on Amazon Developer channels

1

All Eligible Submissions submitted into the Alexa+ Track

Alexa+ Track - 2nd Place

$15,000 cash

$5,000 AWS Credits

Project featured on Amazon Developer channels

1

All Eligible Submissions submitted into the Alexa+ Track

Alexa+ Track - 3rd Place

$4,000 cash

$1,000 AWS Credits

Project featured on Amazon Developer channels

1

All Eligible Submissions submitted into the Alexa+ Track

Bee Track - 1st Place

$12,000 cash

Meeting with Amazon Developer team

Project featured on Amazon Developer channels

1

All Eligible Submissions submitted into the Bee Track

Bee Track - 2nd Place

$8,000 cash

Project featured on Amazon Developer channels

1

All Eligible Submissions submitted into the Bee Track

Ring Track - 1st Place

$12,000 cash

Meeting with Amazon Developer team

Project featured on Amazon Developer channels

1

All Eligible Submissions submitted into the Ring Track

Ring Track - 2nd Place

$8,000 cash

Project featured on Amazon Developer channels

1

All Eligible Submissions submitted into the Ring Track

Mini Challenges Prizes 

AWS Builder

$5,000 cash

$5,000 AWS Credits

Meeting with Amazon Developer team

Project featured on Amazon Developer channels

1

Any Primary Track project that incorporates AWS services (i.e. Amazon Bedrock, AgentCore, Strands SDK, Kiro Crew, SageMaker, etc.) with documented integrations.

Open Source

$5,000 cash

$5,000 AWS Credits

Meeting with Amazon Developer team

Project featured on Amazon Developer channels

1

A new open-source project or contribution (branch, fork, or PR) to a public repository made during the hackathon window, alongside a Primary Track submission. Must include contribution URL, repo URL, and description of the work. 

 
IMPORTANT NOTES ON MULTIPLE PRIZE ELIGIBILITY:

A project can only win one (1) track prize and one (1) mini challenge prize.

 
Substitutions & Changes: Prizes are non-transferable by the winner. Sponsor in its sole discretion has the right to make a prize substitution of equivalent or greater value. Sponsor will not award a prize if there are no eligible Submissions entered in the Hackathon, or if there are no eligible Entrants or Submissions for a specific prize.

Verification Requirement: THE AWARD OF A PRIZE TO A POTENTIAL WINNER IS SUBJECT TO VERIFICATION OF THE IDENTITY, QUALIFICATIONS AND ROLE OF THE POTENTIAL WINNER IN THE CREATION OF THE SUBMISSION. No Submission or Entrant shall be deemed a winning Submission or winner until their post-competition prize affidavits have been completed and verified, even if prospective winners have been announced verbally or on the competition website. The final decision to designate a winner shall be made by the Sponsor and/or Administrator. 

Prize Delivery: Prizes will be payable to the Entrant, if an individual; to the Entrant’s Representative, if a Team; or to the Organization, if the Entrant is an Organization. It will be the responsibility of the winning Entrant’s Representative to allocate the Prize among their Team or Organization’s participating members, as the Representative deems appropriate. A monetary Prize will be mailed to the winning Entrant’s address (if an individual) or the Representative’s address (if a Team or Organization), or sent electronically to the Entrant, Entrant’s Representative, or Organization’s bank account, only after receipt of the completed winner affidavit and other required forms (collectively the “Required Forms”), if applicable. The deadline for returning the Required Forms to the Administrator is ten (10) business days after the Required Forms are sent. Failure to provide correct information on the Required Forms, or other correct information required for the delivery of a Prize, may result in delayed Prize delivery, disqualification of the Entrant, or forfeiture of a Prize. Prizes will be delivered within 60 days of the Sponsor or Devpost’s receipt of the completed Required Forms.

Fees & Taxes: Winners (and in the case of Team or Organization, all participating members) are responsible for any fees associated with receiving or using a prize, including but not limited to, wiring fees or currency exchange fees. Winners (and in the case of Team or Organization, all participating members) are responsible for reporting and paying all applicable taxes in their jurisdiction of residence (federal, state/provincial/territorial and local). Winners may be required to provide certain information to facilitate receipt of the award, including completing and submitting any tax or other forms necessary for compliance with applicable withholding and reporting requirements. United States residents may be required to provide a completed form W-9 and residents of other countries may be required to provide a completed W-8BEN form. Winners are also responsible for complying with foreign exchange and banking regulations in their respective jurisdictions and reporting the receipt of the Prize to relevant government departments/agencies, if necessary. The Sponsor, Devpost, and/or Prize provider reserves the right to withhold a portion of the prize amount to comply with the tax laws of the United States or other Sponsor jurisdiction, or those of a winner’s jurisdiction.

 
9. Entry Conditions and Release
By entering the Hackathon, you (and, if you are entering on behalf of a Team, Organization each participating members) agree(s) to the following:

The relationship between you, the Entrant, and the Sponsor and Administrator, is not a confidential, fiduciary, or other special relationship.

You will be bound by and comply with these Official Rules and the decisions of the Sponsor, Administrator, and/or the Hackathon Judges which are binding and final in all matters relating to the Hackathon.

You release, indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Promotion Entities, and their respective parent, subsidiary, and affiliated companies, the Prize suppliers and any other organizations responsible for sponsoring, fulfilling, administering, advertising or promoting the Hackathon, and all of their respective past and present officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives (hereafter the “Released Parties”) from and against any and all claims, expenses, and liabilities (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), including but not limited to negligence and damages of any kind to persons and property, defamation, slander, libel, violation of right of publicity, infringement of trademark, copyright or other intellectual property rights, property damage, or death or personal injury arising out of or relating to a Entrant’s entry, creation of Submission or entry of a Submission, participation in the Hackathon, acceptance or use or misuse of the Prize (including any travel or activity related thereto) and/or the broadcast, transmission, performance, exploitation or use of the Submission as authorized or licensed by these Official Rules. 

Without limiting the foregoing, the Released Parties shall have no liability in connection with: 

Any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by the Sponsor or Administrator’s electronic or printing error, or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Hackathon; 

Technical failures of any kind, including, but not limited to malfunctions, interruptions, or disconnections in phone lines, internet connectivity or electronic transmission errors, or network hardware or software or failure of the Hackathon Website;

Unauthorized human intervention in any part of the entry process or the Hackathon; 

Technical or human error which may occur in the administration of the Hackathon or the processing of Submissions; or 

Any injury or damage to persons or property which may be caused, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from the Entrant’s participation in the Hackathon or receipt or use or misuse of any Prize.

The Released Parties are not responsible for incomplete, late, misdirected, damaged, lost, illegible, or incomprehensible Submissions or for address or email address changes of the Entrants. Proof of sending or submitting the aforementioned will not be deemed to be proof of receipt by the Sponsor or Administrator. If for any reason any Entrant’s Submission is determined to have not been received or been erroneously deleted, lost, or otherwise destroyed or corrupted, the Entrant’s sole remedy is to request the opportunity to resubmit its Submission. Such a request must be made promptly after the Entrant knows or should have known there was a problem and will be determined at the sole discretion of the Sponsor.

 
10. Publicity
By participating in the Hackathon, Entrant consents to the promotion and display of the Entrant’s Submission, and to the use of personal information about themselves for promotional purposes, by the Sponsor, Administrator, and third parties acting on their behalf. Such personal information includes, but is not limited to, your name, likeness, photograph, voice, opinions, comments and hometown and country of residence. It may be used in any existing or newly created media, worldwide without further payment or consideration or right of review, unless prohibited by law. Authorized use includes but is not limited to advertising and promotional purposes. 

 
11. General Conditions 
Sponsor and Administrator reserve the right, in their sole discretion, to cancel, suspend and/or modify the Hackathon, or any part of it, in the event of a technical failure, fraud, or any other factor or event that was not anticipated or is not within their control.

Sponsor and Administrator reserve the right in their sole discretion to disqualify any individual or Entrant if it finds to be actually or presenting the appearance of tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Hackathon or to be acting in violation of these Official Rules or in a manner that is inappropriate, unsportsmanlike, not in the best interests of this Hackathon, or a violation of any applicable law or regulation.

Any attempt by any person to undermine the proper conduct of the Hackathon may be a violation of criminal and civil law. Should the Sponsor or Administrator suspect that such an attempt has been made or is threatened, they reserve the right to take appropriate action including but not limited to requiring an Entrant to cooperate with an investigation and referral to criminal and civil law enforcement authorities.

If there is any discrepancy or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of the Official Rules and disclosures or other statements contained in any Hackathon materials, including but not limited to the Hackathon Submission form, Hackathon Website, or advertising, the terms and conditions of the Official Rules shall prevail.

The terms and conditions of the Official Rules are subject to change at any time, including the rights or obligations of the Entrant, the Sponsor and Administrator. The Sponsor and Administrator will post the terms and conditions of the amended Official Rules on the Hackathon Website. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any amendment will become effective at the time specified in the posting of the amended Official Rules or, if no time is specified, the time of posting.

If at any time prior to the deadline, an Entrant or prospective Entrant believes that any term in the Official Rules is or may be ambiguous, they must submit a written request for clarification. 

The Sponsor or Administrator’s failure to enforce any term of these Official Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision. Should any provision of these Official Rules be or become illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction whose laws or regulations may apply to an Entrant, such illegality or unenforceability shall leave the remainder of these Official Rules, including the Rule affected, to the fullest extent permitted by law, unaffected and valid. The illegal or unenforceable provision shall be replaced by a valid and enforceable provision that comes closest and best reflects the Sponsor’s intention in a legal and enforceable manner with respect to the invalid or unenforceable provision.

Excluding Submissions, all intellectual property related to this Hackathon, including but not limited to copyrighted material, trademarks, trade-names, logos, designs, promotional materials, web pages, source codes, drawings, illustrations, slogans and representations are owned or used under license by the Sponsor and/or Administrator. All rights are reserved. Unauthorized copying or use of any copyrighted material or intellectual property without the express written consent of its owners is strictly prohibited. Any use in a Submission of Sponsor or Administrator’s intellectual property shall be solely to the extent provided for in these Official Rules.

 
12. Limitations of Liability
By entering, all Entrants (including, in the case of a Team or Organization, all participating members) agree to release the Released Parties from any and all liability in connection with the Prizes or Entrant’s participation in the Hackathon. Provided, however, that any liability limitation regarding gross negligence or intentional acts, or events of death or body injury shall not be applicable in jurisdictions where such limitation is not legal.

 
13. Disputes
Except where prohibited by law, as a condition of participating in this Hackathon, Entrant agrees that:

Any and all disputes and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Hackathon, or any Prizes awarded, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action lawsuit, and exclusively by final and binding arbitration under the rules of the American Arbitration Association and held at the AAA regional office nearest the contestant;

The Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation, enforcement and all proceedings at such arbitration; and

Judgment upon such arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.

Under no circumstances will Entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and Entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, or any other damages, including attorneys’ fees, other than contestant’s actual out-of-pocket expenses (i.e., costs associated with entering this Hackathon), and Entrant further waives all rights to have damages multiplied or increased.

All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of the Entrant and Sponsor in connection with this Hackathon, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the substantive laws of the State of New York, USA without regard to New York choice of law rules.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

 